===========
 Klupu 0.1
===========

Klupu is a report mining tool designed for extracting interesting data
from meeting minutes of Jyv채skyl채 city council and government. Klupu
is a Finnish word for flail which is a tool used for separating grains
from husks. Grains of knowledge, in this case.

Author: Tuomas Jorma Juhani R채s채nen <tuomasjjrasanen@tjjr.fi>
Homepage: <http://tjjr.fi/sw/klupu/>

How to install
==============

Requirements
------------

- Python 3
- Beautiful Soup 4

To install system-wide, run::

  python setup.py install

To install only to your home directory, run::

  python setup.py install --prefix=$HOME

If you would like to save the list of installed files for later use,
run::

  python setup.py install --prefix=$HOME --record=installedfiles.txt

How to report bugs
==================

The bug database is hosted in Launchpad. If you have found a bug or
have an improvement idea you want to share, please report it at
<https://bugs.launchpad.net/klupu>. However, to avoid duplicate bug
reports, before reporting, please check if similiar or identical bug
has already been reported. If the description of the existing bug
report If so, you can still subscribe to the existing bug to track its
progress.

If you are unsure whether the problem you have is due to a bug, you
can ask questions at <https://answers.launchpad.net/klupu>.

How to contribute
=================

In addition to reporting bugs and improvement suggestions, you are
encouraged to contribute bug-fixes or features. Source code history is
controlled with Git. The main repository is hosted in GitHub,
<https://github.com/tuomasjjrasanen/klupu/> and mirrored in Launchpad
as a Bazaar repository. The preferred way to contibute code is to
clone the main Git repository and send a pull-request. Good old
patches via email are also accepted.

How to copy
===========

Klupu is free (libre) software and licensed under the terms of GNU
Public License version 3 or later. In short, it means that you are
free to copy, modify and redistribute this software as long as you
place the derivative work under a compatible license. See COPYING for
details.
